# Driver-Pass
•	Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The Driver Pass project was a system designed to help driver ed type (not specifically stated) students work on coursework designed to help them with obtaining a driver’s license. Driver Pass was also, and mainly, designed to help clients schedule on the road sessions with driving instructors. Driver Pass also wanted to install a method to immediately take updates directly from the DMV. The client was the owner of Driver Pass. The desired system design allowed for scheduling from Driver Pass employees as well as clients, allowed for the IT department to access all accounts, allowed the owner to get reports, and took updates from the DMV.  
•	What did you do particularly well?
I think the part I did very well was graphing the outline of the system. In particular, I believe that my use case diagram was the best aspect of my design.
•	If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
The one part I would revise would be the activity diagram. I would add so many more layers and branches to it to show how each page is supposed to work and transition to the next.
•	How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
The way I interpreted the user’s needs was to think of how I interact with similar websites. I considered what I like and don’t like and what was feasible given the constraints. It is important to understand the user’s needs because if it isn’t user friendly it isn’t going to be a success. If the site is difficult or confusing clients will look elsewhere for their needs.
•	How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
My approach to designing software is to take into account ALL of the client’s wants and needs and categorize them as such. Then I determine what is feasible and what isn’t and convey that to them. By focusing first on the absolute needs of the system first, I am able to determine how the wants can be incorporated, and if they can’t, I let the client know so we can discuss it further.
